README.md, before:

# LAB 07 - DATA MODELING
## Tasks
Designing the database design for the EBR software.\
Make the Software Design Document by using given template.

## Contributions
#### 1. Nguyen Thai An:
Draw ER Diagram for the software.\
Part of the Relational Database Diagram and part of the SDD file.

#### 2. Bui Tu Hoang
Write the logical database design document.\
Part of the SDD file.

#### 3. Vu Minh Hoang
Part of the Relational Database Diagram.\
Part of the SDD file.

#### 4. Nguyen Manh Khang
Write the .sql code for creating database table and constraints.

## Revisions
An and Minh Hoang supervised the works of Khang and Tu Hoang\
to ensures the logical design document and the creation code match the conceptual and logical design diagrams.\
The work on the SDD file is under discussion between 3 related members.

---

# LAB 06 - CLASS DESIGN
## Tasks
Designing the detailed classes design for the EBR software

## Contributions
#### 1. Nguyen Thai An:
Detail class design for Dock package and general class design.\
Initial Design Class, Package and Relationship design.\

#### 2. Bui Tu Hoang
Detail class design for Bike package.\
Class diagram for package Managing bike and dock

#### 3. Vu Minh Hoang
Detail class design for Rent package.\
Class diagram for Renting

#### 4. Nguyen Manh Khang
Detail class design for Return package.\
Class diagram for Returning

## Revisions
All tasks of this lab were under supervision of all 4 members.

---

# LAB 05 - INTERFACE DESIGN
## Tasks
Create user interface design documents.\
Design software interface: subsystem design.

## Contributions
#### 1. Nguyen Thai An:
Write interface standardlization documentation and screen transition diagrams.\
Screen specification for Home and Payment Screen.\
Draw subsystem design documentation.

#### 2. Bui Tu Hoang
Screen mockups for Dock View Screen.\
Screen specification for Dock View and Bike View Screen.

#### 3. Vu Minh Hoang
Design the screen mockups for EBR - including modify Dock View Screen.\
Updating previous Astah design diagrams to match with newly added subsystem design.

#### 4. Nguyen Manh Khang
Screen specification documentation for all other 5 screens:\ 
Splash, Renting Session, Invoice, Barcode and Confirmation sreens.

## Revisions
Most tasks of this lab were under revision, supervision of all 4 members.

---

# LAB 04 - ANALYSIS CLASS DIAGRAM
## Tasks
At this point, our group decided to shift to MVC pattern. Hence, for this week, we've done:\
Re-design the interaction diagrams\
Draws analysis class diagram for each use-cases\
Make the merged analysis class diagram.

## Contributions
#### 1. Nguyen Thai An:
Use case "Create EBR account" and "Setup Payment Method"\
Make the merged analysis class diagram.

#### 2. Bui Tu Hoang
Use case "View dock's detail information" and "View bike's information"

#### 3. Vu Minh Hoang
Use case "Rent a bike" and "Pay deposit""

#### 4. Nguyen Manh Khang
Use case "Return a bike" and "Refund deposit after deduct rental fees"

## Revisions
An reviews Khang\
Tu Hoang reviews An\
Minh Hoang reviews Tu Hoang\
Khang reviews Minh Hoang

---

# LAB 03 - INTERACTION DIAGRAM
## Tasks
Draw sequence diagrams and Communication diagrams for Eco Bike Rental software

## Contributions
#### 1. Nguyen Thai An:
Use case "Create EBR account" and "Setup Payment Method"

#### 2. Bui Tu Hoang
Use case "View dock's detail information" and "View bike's information"

#### 3. Vu Minh Hoang
Use case "Rent a bike" and "Pay deposit""

#### 4. Nguyen Manh Khang
Use case "Return a bike" and "Refund deposit after deduct rental fees"

## Revisions
An reviews Tu Hoang\
Tu Hoang reviews Minh Hoang\
Minh Hoang reviews Khang\
Khang reviews An

---

# LAB 02 - SOFTWARE REQUIREMENT SPECIFICATION
## Tasks
Write use case specifications and draw activity diagrams for most use cases of the Eco Bike Rental software\
Fill in the Software Requirement Specification based on the given template.

## Contributions
#### 1. Nguyen Thai An:
Use case "Create EBR account" and "Setup Payment Method"\
Assemble the "SRS - Eco Bike Rental software" and write non functional requirements

#### 2. Bui Tu Hoang
Use case "View dock's detail information" and "View bike's information"

#### 3. Vu Minh Hoang
Use case "Rent a bike" and "Pay deposit"\
Write 1.Introdiction in "SRS - Eco Bike Rental software"

#### 4. Nguyen Manh Khang
Use case "Return a bike" and "Refund deposit after deduct rental fees"

## Revisions
An reviews Tu Hoang\
Tu Hoang reviews Minh Hoang\
Minh Hoang reviews Khang\
Khang reviews An

---

# LAB 01 - USE CASE DIAGRAM
## Tasks
Draw use case diagram for the Eco Bike Rental Service.

## Contributions
All 4 members of group discussed together, then drawn the use case in Astah.

## Revisions
Since this task specifically requires whole group discuss together, there's no particular reviewer.

Commit message:

Update README.md for LAB 08

README.md, after:

# LAB 08 - UNIT TEST
## Tasks
Design Unit Test plan for EBR software.\
Implement unit test and needed models, controllers, ...

## Contributions
#### 1. Nguyen Thai An:
Dock and DockList models, Unit Test and implementation of PaymentScreenController

#### 2. Bui Tu Hoang
All bikes models, Unit Test and implementation of BarcodeController

#### 3. Vu Minh Hoang
Session and SessionManager models, update Utils, Unit Test and implementation of SessionScreenController

#### 4. Nguyen Manh Khang
Invoice and InvoiceHistory models,  Unit Test and implementation of InvoiceScreenController

## Revisions
An reviews Tu Hoang\
Tu Hoang reviews Khang\
Minh Hoang reviews An\
Khang reviews Minh Hoang.

---

# LAB 07 - DATA MODELING
## Tasks
Designing the database design for the EBR software.\
Make the Software Design Document by using given template.

## Contributions
#### 1. Nguyen Thai An:
Draw ER Diagram for the software.\
Part of the Relational Database Diagram and part of the SDD file.

#### 2. Bui Tu Hoang
Write the logical database design document.\
Part of the SDD file.

#### 3. Vu Minh Hoang
Part of the Relational Database Diagram.\
Part of the SDD file.

#### 4. Nguyen Manh Khang
Write the .sql code for creating database table and constraints.

## Revisions
An and Minh Hoang supervised the works of Khang and Tu Hoang\
to ensures the logical design document and the creation code match the conceptual and logical design diagrams.\
The work on the SDD file is under discussion between 3 related members.

---

# LAB 06 - CLASS DESIGN
## Tasks
Designing the detailed classes design for the EBR software

## Contributions
#### 1. Nguyen Thai An:
Detail class design for Dock package and general class design.\
Initial Design Class, Package and Relationship design.\

#### 2. Bui Tu Hoang
Detail class design for Bike package.\
Class diagram for package Managing bike and dock

#### 3. Vu Minh Hoang
Detail class design for Rent package.\
Class diagram for Renting

#### 4. Nguyen Manh Khang
Detail class design for Return package.\
Class diagram for Returning

## Revisions
All tasks of this lab were under supervision of all 4 members.

---

# LAB 05 - INTERFACE DESIGN
## Tasks
Create user interface design documents.\
Design software interface: subsystem design.

## Contributions
#### 1. Nguyen Thai An:
Write interface standardlization documentation and screen transition diagrams.\
Screen specification for Home and Payment Screen.\
Draw subsystem design documentation.

#### 2. Bui Tu Hoang
Screen mockups for Dock View Screen.\
Screen specification for Dock View and Bike View Screen.

#### 3. Vu Minh Hoang
Design the screen mockups for EBR - including modify Dock View Screen.\
Updating previous Astah design diagrams to match with newly added subsystem design.

#### 4. Nguyen Manh Khang
Screen specification documentation for all other 5 screens:\ 
Splash, Renting Session, Invoice, Barcode and Confirmation sreens.

## Revisions
Most tasks of this lab were under revision, supervision of all 4 members.

---

# LAB 04 - ANALYSIS CLASS DIAGRAM
## Tasks
At this point, our group decided to shift to MVC pattern. Hence, for this week, we've done:\
Re-design the interaction diagrams\
Draws analysis class diagram for each use-cases\
Make the merged analysis class diagram.

## Contributions
#### 1. Nguyen Thai An:
Use case "Create EBR account" and "Setup Payment Method"\
Make the merged analysis class diagram.

#### 2. Bui Tu Hoang
Use case "View dock's detail information" and "View bike's information"

#### 3. Vu Minh Hoang
Use case "Rent a bike" and "Pay deposit""

#### 4. Nguyen Manh Khang
Use case "Return a bike" and "Refund deposit after deduct rental fees"

## Revisions
An reviews Khang\
Tu Hoang reviews An\
Minh Hoang reviews Tu Hoang\
Khang reviews Minh Hoang

---

# LAB 03 - INTERACTION DIAGRAM
## Tasks
Draw sequence diagrams and Communication diagrams for Eco Bike Rental software

## Contributions
#### 1. Nguyen Thai An:
Use case "Create EBR account" and "Setup Payment Method"

#### 2. Bui Tu Hoang
Use case "View dock's detail information" and "View bike's information"

#### 3. Vu Minh Hoang
Use case "Rent a bike" and "Pay deposit""

#### 4. Nguyen Manh Khang
Use case "Return a bike" and "Refund deposit after deduct rental fees"

## Revisions
An reviews Tu Hoang\
Tu Hoang reviews Minh Hoang\
Minh Hoang reviews Khang\
Khang reviews An

---

# LAB 02 - SOFTWARE REQUIREMENT SPECIFICATION
## Tasks
Write use case specifications and draw activity diagrams for most use cases of the Eco Bike Rental software\
Fill in the Software Requirement Specification based on the given template.

## Contributions
#### 1. Nguyen Thai An:
Use case "Create EBR account" and "Setup Payment Method"\
Assemble the "SRS - Eco Bike Rental software" and write non functional requirements

#### 2. Bui Tu Hoang
Use case "View dock's detail information" and "View bike's information"

#### 3. Vu Minh Hoang
Use case "Rent a bike" and "Pay deposit"\
Write 1.Introdiction in "SRS - Eco Bike Rental software"

#### 4. Nguyen Manh Khang
Use case "Return a bike" and "Refund deposit after deduct rental fees"

## Revisions
An reviews Tu Hoang\
Tu Hoang reviews Minh Hoang\
Minh Hoang reviews Khang\
Khang reviews An

---

# LAB 01 - USE CASE DIAGRAM
## Tasks
Draw use case diagram for the Eco Bike Rental Service.

## Contributions
All 4 members of group discussed together, then drawn the use case in Astah.

## Revisions
Since this task specifically requires whole group discuss together, there's no particular reviewer.
